h1. Welcome to Woko2

Woko is a **Full-Stack Web Framework** for the Java Platform that aims to put your POJOs
on the Web for nothing (or almost !). The main idea behind Woko is "do more with less" :
it provides some plumbing for the most common features needed in webapp development, including :

* Persistence and Full Text Search
* Users and Roles (Security and User-profiling)
* MVC (URLs, Forms, Data binding & Validation, Templating, ...)
* RPC-friendly APIs (JSON, JavaScript)

**Woko is Domain Driven** : it uses metadata whenever possible in order to provide as much as it can out of the box. You write the Domain Classes, and Woko manages most of the recurrent issues for you, from the persistence layer up to the browser.

**Woko is Iterative** : it provides various extension points that allow you to change the default behavior without generating code, through its powerful facets system.

h1. Getting started

1. "Download and install Woko tools":https://github.com/pojosontheweb/woko/wiki/Wokotools

2. Create a new Woko project
    <pre><code>woko init</code></pre>

3. Change directory to <code>myapp</code>, where "myapp" is the application name (coming from the maven artifactId)
    <pre><code>cd myapp</code></pre>

3. Start your woko application in Jetty embedded container
    <pre><code>woko start</code></pre>
    Run with <code>help</code> for options.

4. Go to "http://localhost:8080/myapp":http://localhost:8080/myapp
How cool is that ?
You can log in with wdevel/wdevel for a deeper overview of what Woko offers

5. Get more documentation on our Wiki to start developing your application :

* The entire "Woko tutorial":https://github.com/pojosontheweb/woko/wiki/Tutorial
* The all "documentation index":https://github.com/pojosontheweb/woko/wiki
* The "Woko screencasts":https://github.com/pojosontheweb/woko/wiki/Screencasts

h1. License

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this work except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is
distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

